What is it guys and what can match.
And now in this video we will be turning this whole Web site into an e-commerce site.
OK.
So this is a team that we will be using right now.
OK we first have to understand that how basically e-commerce works.
OK.
And then when people understand each and everything then we will move that design.
So do not Google it right now.
OK.
We will be moving on the plug in.
There is a plug in that converts any of your very press say into an e-commerce website.
I'll show you each and everything about that plug in case and not worry about it.
OK.
And then we will be moving on with different teams will be into creating it.
So let's just go ahead let's just head dashboard and you can see that we are here.
The first thing that we have to do is that we need to install the plug in.
So let's just go ahead and lotted add new.
And you can see that here we have the plug ins right here.
But before adding the plug ins.
Let's just go to the permalink Ray here and let's set up permalink because this is the most important
thing that we have to do always.
OK.
You have to hit post name right now and then you have to hit save changes and you can see that we're
done.
So let's just go to this right here and let's search for popular plugins so popular a thing that here
should be that plug in.
And here we go.
This is the plug in that Wii will be moving on right now and it stays.
Commerce is a powerful extend Nibert e-commerce plug in that help you sell anything beautifully.
OK so this is by WordPress itself.
OK.
The automatic company is basically a forward press OK if you just go to Automattic and then you can
see that this is coming as the owner as automatic So if you just go to WordPress dot com This is owned
by automatic.
OK.
So if you just go to automatic dot com let's just look at this.
OK so they have voyde press jet pack for dot.com VIP Vuh commerce wall press a Kismat long red so they
offer so much.
OK you can see everything is right here OK v don't make software for free if you make it for freedom.
OK.
This is also a great line that I liked.
Right now I just site.
OK so you can see this is the company behind that.
OK this plug in and this whole WordPress but this WordPress dot org is basically an open source project
nonprofit.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's just install this WordPress in wordpress.
This is what commers I'm just going to install now.
And you can see that this civill be installed as you can see this is right here installed.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit activate right now.
OK.
So on activating this I will also install a team that is very important.
OK so you can see that it is saying store set up game and shipping extras activate and ready.
We will be doing this later on.
OK if you want to do it right now you can just do it right now.
So let's just go ahead and let's just clear this OK.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to select my store base so you have to select your own country.
Since I have so many students from United States I think I can also go with the United States as well.
So I'm just going to be using United States
or let's just select my own country.
I'm going to choose my own country this way here I'm going to add the address I'm going to add the city
right here.
And here we have the what currency do you use so you have to select your currency from here.
You can so I did it.
I'm going to be using the U.S. dollar because that is the whole wide currency so let's search for US
Dollar way.
It is not right here.
I'm going to search the United States.
OK here we have the United States dollar.
I'm going to select this one.
And what type of product do you want to sell.
It is asking so you can sell physical and digital products so let's just discuss the what is a physical
and digital physical Our products are those that needs to be shipped.
OK so let's suppose that it just I ordered the iPhone case in the premise video.
OK that was the physical product.
And if I just protégées anything online for I like a software or anything.
OK.
Or if I want to buy an image like here from ebay OK if I want to protégées their membership.
This is called a digital.
OK so they cannot be shared.
OK.
But they can be bought.
So you can just call it like this.
OK.
So let's just come here and I plan to sell both.
And then just also you can select for physical and digital I plan to sell but just make sure to select
it.
You can change it later on.
OK.
This is chag to keep it check and let's just hit let's go.
So here we can see that we have right here who.
Can accept both online and offline payments.
Additional payments method can be installed later.
She can see that we have paypal.
We have people standard we have online payments and then we have the check payments the bank transfer
and the cash on delivery.
OK so we can just integrate them and want to and we will be doing this later on.
So let's just continue right now and then we have the shipping Tabaret here.
So we have the shipping zone that in Pakistan we can just add the shipping charges so for.
But in Pakistan I will charge $10 an hour or in anywhere around the world I will charge $50.
OK.
So this is what they mean.
So we will be discussing later on.
So do not panic right now.
I'm just telling you a basic very set up our store.
OK.
So now we have the vaid the dimensions unit and then it should continue.
So leave it as it is.
We will be discussing each and everything in depth.
OK.
So now it is saying recommended extras your team is not compatible with commerce.
We recommend you to switch to a storefront a free were pristine built and maintained by the makers of
Commerce.
OK.
So make sure you check it out.
OK if you do not want to check it out right now.
We will install this later on.
OK.
So let's check it out.
Because you will be creating a Commerce website on this team.
So let's just it continue and you can see this team should be automatically installed on our site pay
and then we have the jet pack.
We don't want to connect to jet back so let's just head skip this step and you can see that this is
my e-mail address you can just sign up to there and he was letter.
OK.
And then we have to create your first product or an import products just returned return dashboard and
you can see that things that we that has been done is that it does.
OK if I just open up this website in a new tab you can see that a new team has been installed on my
site.
OK so this team is specially designed for e-commerce based Web site.
You can see that we have a shopping cart trade here and then we have the card page check out page my
account page and everything that this plug in has already created some pages if I just go to the card
page right now you can see your card is currently empty.
If we're just going to check out right now you can see that it is also dead.
Checked out is not available Voelz.
Your card is empty.
And then we have the My Account base here I can manage my account here I can manage my orders that we
have like in the Ebay.
OK.
And then in the download section I have all the downloads available if you like you can see that I'm
also shipping I'm also giving digital products to download as well.
So then we have my address right here.
Here would be my address.
I can enter my billing address.
I can enter my shipping address here and then I have the account details and I and I can also log myself
out.
So this is how this website this plugin has basically created this stuff.
So this is a showing that create a home page using your friend's home page ad example products so you
can add example products and then you can create a home page using store fronts home page template.
So what you like.
You want to add the example products or not.
OK so let's just go ahead let's add the example products so that our website is already already have
some products.
Let's just say let's go and again see that example of products and our home page they'll be already
set up since this is our testing based Web site.
We're going to discuss everything.
OK so let's just go ahead and let's add this OK so we can see that it should be added.
It's going to take some time because it is adding some products and it is also setting up the home page.
So when it is done you have to see how it's going to look.
OK here we have you can see that it is it has added some of the products.
You can see that we have this right here we have shot by category.
We have the products has also been added and everything coming here.
And this is already you guys already know that this is called the customize or.
OK so you get a click let's go you can add the logo you can add it and then you can skip this cap choose
your X and color choose your buttons choose your all set.
Remember just save and publish.
OK.
So let's just go ahead let's go back to our site
Here we have install and go enhancement.
OK.
So this is showing provide a more see in line.
Check out Experion card that a fixed guard item that displays number of products in card say so do not
install this right now.
OK.
We will be installing this later on when we will just where you could ever say OK.
So just come here and what we need to do is that we need to come here and we need to go to dashboard.
Now let's just head home OK and then let's go ahead and few are saying how it is looking.
OK.
So this is our Web site is looking OK.
We have in the shop age it's going to have all the products that we have right here.
Since we did not added these products we just said like that.
But we did not publish.
OK that is why the dummy content is not added yet.
And if we go to the products you're here you can see two times has been added.
One is the commerce and the other is the product so if you just go to all products right here you'll
see no product Filby here you can see ready to start selling something awesome.
Create your first product import products from a C S V file so you will be doing everything from start.
Phil just try to learn how to add a product how product is added How can we add different sizes of products
like.
And we selected that we the phone case of iPhone 6 says so how can we just add these type of very able
products.
So we will be starting this in the next video and this is going to be so much fun so stadium guys and
in the next video we will be working out for their whole website.
We'll add some products and then we'll design this website and then we will go and learn how to build
professional based e-commerce Web site like eBay and everything.
So Stadion and Buh-Bye.